---
title: Two years of Aurora
layout: post
#date: 2024-03-25
---
On this day, my first and only daughter so far completed two years. Or as we used to say in Brazil, two little years (we like to put words on the diminutive - in portuguese this sound better). The last two, may three years were a revolution in my life, and I have to stop everything to follow her first moments. This was mandatory, because the parenthood job is to hard. We sleep even less, we are always tired, and we have no idea of what we are doing. We just have some hope that at some point everything gona be alrrigth. 
I use to sing to Aurora, when she was a newborn the Bob Marley's song, Three little birds: "don't worry about a thing, because every little thing gonna be alright". Of course I was singing for my inner person that was desespere about every challenging moment we faced. During this period I just show up in the meeting and try to fully myself that I will delivery my job as expected. It was a desaster. Just now, when she completed two years, I can feel that I am working close to a regular basis. However this will not happen again, I think. At night, I am exausted and have to sleep. At weekends and holidays, she takes most of our time yet. We get very happy when we are able to watch some television.
We need more structure, more rights, more support. Be parent is not a easy job and should be even harder to others with lower conditions than us. Find better ballance is something that I still perceive and I amnot sure if I will find it someday. Anyway, is pretty fun and revolutionary about life. Maybe is another situation that we have to find the [happyness of Sísifo](~/_posts/2024-05-15-A-Felicidade-de-Sísifo)
